---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Code of Conducts & Browser Extensions
---


## Code of Conduct Activity
### Part 1

I believe that having a code of conduct is necessary in many if not all websites that foster some sort of community. Projects having an official document of sorts that states somewhat obvious ways to interact with others helps keep not only the people who participate accountable, but the project itself when someone breaks this code and repurcussions must be done.

<!--more-->

It also lets others who may want to enter the project know that they'll be protected in some way when navigating and interacting in the community. Projects should have some sort of Code of Conduct, and be easy to find as well, since most people who want to join a FOSS project may not know such a thing exists.
For example, the [Go project](https://go.dev/conduct) includes their own code of conduct, with some added changes from the Contributor Covenant. They added an about section at the very top and values that which "... people in the Go community ("Gophers") should aspire." These add-ons to a basic code of conduct template make the information more palatable to the average contributor and person. These changes seem like a summary of the info below in the rest of the document.
[Eclipse's](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php) code of conduct is also different from the rest. It dives into many more specifics and brings up a lot of other information on how Eclipse's committee will act once they receive an instance of someone violating the code. Upon further reading, it seems that this code of conduct not only applies just in online forums and project repos, but also to any online or in-person meeting, public space, and event. This explains why it was so much more detailed than Go's code of conduct, since Eclipse has to discuss how they will take action in in-person events as well as online ones.

### Part 2

The code of conduct for [Sugar Labs](https://wiki.sugarlabs.org/go/Sugar_Labs/Legal/Code_of_Conduct) is also different than Go's code. It's much more concise and doesn't give specific examples of acceptable or unacceptable behavior. In my opinion,  this code of conduct feels much more readable for the average contributor as it feels more of an easy skim through to get all the necessary information being discussed. The main reason it's different from Go's, however, is because it uses Ubuntu's code of conduct template instead of contributor covenant's template. This makes sense, as the code of conduct here has very different wording and sectioning off information than the ones we previously looked at in part 1. 

### Part 3

To research more on open source projects' code of conducts, I decided to visit Mozilla.org and see how they handle their code of conduct, as they are a bigger open source project than the previous websites. On reading Mozilla's [code of conduct](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation/), they seem to be the project that goes most into detail on how to act in Mozilla spaces, what is clearly acceptable and unacceptable, and many different forms of contact when you experience something that should be brought to attention, which may have been where Go took their inspiration for their code of conduct. And similar to Sugar Labs' code of conduct, Mozilla makes sure to cover both online and in-person experiences that happen in a public Mozilla space or event. It seems as though there are only so many ways to write the same information and present it to the reader on different websites of the same category. Something else interesting is that Mozilla's code of conduct has been adapted through several different other guidelines and code of conducts, including Ubuntu's code of conduct and a citizen code of conduct from Stumptown Syndicate. 

## Browser Add-On Project

Also this week, we worked in small groups and learned a lot about Mozilla, it's browser extensions, and how to make one of our own! The tutorials for the [first extension](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Your_first_WebExtension) and [second extension](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Your_second_WebExtension) were pretty easy to follow along to, and took my team not too much time to complete. It felt fun creating something very simple to get our feet wet in browser extensions. After, we completed the other two parts and around the end of class, started brainstorming ideas for our own browser extension to present. I, along with my team, wanted to do something fairly simple since we understood we have about a week to complete this, but on the other hand, felt like it can't be too boring, as there wouldn't be as much excitement to present it. We decided on small text changes that you can choose in a menu from the extension, similar to the second browser extension in part 2. I can't wait to work with my team more and see how far we can take the project :)
 