---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - Midterms and More Work
---


## Into the Thick of It

This past week marks the halfway point of this semester, and that means we're really getting into the group final project and starting to get into our work. With our midterm reflections and some more updates for my Kolibri's contributions, there's a lot to cover! Firstly, we had to respond to some reflection questions discussing the events in the first half of this semester.

<!--more-->

The questions had me thinking back before I started this class, and how I imagined this course would just talk about the history of open source and probably have us do some sort of project with that. It's really interesting to look back now and see how much I've learned through this class alone. It's let me find out a ton of fun facts and look up topics that I wouldn't have known about before. The other questions helped me looked through the lens of my current knowledge and how far I've come. 

During our second class, we spent the majority of the time there finding solutions for me and Zack's virtual environments. It felt pretty frustrating to run into the same problem and not able to find a good workaround to it online. One question on a forum even had an answer that essentially said to not use this software on Windows if you can. We made a slight breakthrough at the very end of class with the help of Professor Joanna to set up the beginnings of the environment. After that, we held an online meeting on Thursday since we didn't meet in person on Monday and we were all busy after the class to meet on Zoom. During the meeting, we discussed our plan for the next 4 weeks on what we want to contribute to and when we should have them done by. We also made a great breakthrough in our problem with the installation! Zack and I went back to the original virtual environment we had started out with but ran into trouble, and for some reason (most likely a reason that we didn't see at the time) the download for nodejs worked perfectly. This was a nice detail in the meeting and decided to continue planning and end the meeting on a good note. We chose to finish the installation on our own time, and to either: create an issue, or find a first-time issue that we can work on. Just in case we run into more problems setting up the database and connecting to the server in our virtual environment, we agreed to find some simple documentation issues, or ones that don't require connecting to the server, such as simple front-end one line bugfixes. I'm writing this blog before working on this, so I'll have some issues found in the future before meeting up on Monday. 

All in all, I had a successful week in terms of the group project, and will continue onwards in it. Hopefully for next week's blog, I will write about adding our first contribution to the project!