---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - The Cathedral and the Project Work
---


## It's time to Reflect

Good news, I was assigned an issue on Kolibri! The group project has been going pretty well. We're making progress on contributing and getting prepared to send out our first two contributions to the community. We got to present what we've been going through to the rest of the class and listen in on the progress of the other groups as well. 

<!--more-->

It was definitely reassuring that there are some groups that were on the same progress as we were in having a hard time configuring and installing whatever software we needed in order to contribute. It always feels bad when our original plan didn't go as we wanted it and that we were behind on schedule according to some other groups, so getting that confirmation was nice that we aren't the only ones who had their plans go off course. 

Other than that, we got some more work done in our weekly meeting. We met up and told each other of our issues that we were assigned to and what we can do in order to get what we installed working and to contribute our PR. Like I mentioned, I think starting off with very small issues on their documentation in order to just debug our installation is a good idea, and also allows us to go around in the files to get familiar with their code. 

Then on Wednesday, we all discussed the reading we had, which I'm pretty sure was the first time I've had a required reading in a CS class that didn't come from a textbook. It was a fun shift in getting to talk about what we read and the different lessons that were talked about in the essay. The ones that I were the most interested in were the ones that mentioned creating and helping in projects that really spoke to you. It reminded me of multiple times when I started to look up projects that I can do just to have something that I created, but felt no attachment or inspiration from any of the projects that I searched for. This was because I decided that I needed to create something over a summer break for the sake of having something created in my name, rather than finding something on my own time that I was really intersted in. The rest of the conversation was very insightful, and definitely a fun way to discuss a reading. One final note, it was very funny but true that Joanna mentioned someone from last year in this class mentioning how they never had a CS class where we got to discuss a topic with their other peers. I felt the same way, which after some thought, could definitely be because more than half of my CS classes were taken online, and so there wasn't any real connections to be made during the Zoom lectures. What a semi-sad way to end this week's blog, but that's what I mainly reflected on after our discussion. 