---
layout: post
title: Week 1: Getting Started in Open Source
---
## First week of classes!

Today is the end of the first week of classes for me, and it went much better than I expected. The class that surprised me the most was Open Source Software Development though. I really didn't know too much about what I was getting into, as I've only heard the phrase "open source" in passing either through my other friends studying C.S. or in a random tweet.

<!--more-->

I knew the basic definition of what it meant for something to be open sourced, which was the project can be collaborated with anyone who wanted to help out in their spare time. That was the extent of my knowledge before walking into class this past Monday, which didn't freak me out as much as it did (thankfully). I mainly wanted to take this class for my last elective so that I can learn about another important topic in the C.S. bubble, like I've been doing so far with my other electives (Databases and AI, as examples). 

After learning a ton in class on what open source projects truly are, it got me thinking about how projects like React and Wikipedia can really impact people in their daily lives. I enjoy how free and inviting the open source community looks like, but a problem I can see myself having is the same from the writer of the article we looked at on Wednesday: I don't know how to "correctly" start asking open source projects what they need help with. Not only that, but in my opinion, to really start getting into open source project contributions, one must have a good working knowledge on all things open source, and what it means for something to be open sourced vs. closed source. However, open source seems very fun to be involved in! I can't wait of having the challenge of finding a project that I'm interested in and getting to learn more about something that I am passionate about. Also, I would assume that the satisfaction of seeing a bugfix or an updated document that you added to the project you worked on published feels like the best.

### How Open Source Affects my Life

In our discussion on what projects we knew that we used regularly were open source, I really only knew of one: the text editor that I used sometimes, Atom. But everything else that I interact with, I had no clue if it was open source. Thankfully, someone in class mentioned Figma, and I was shocked. A software program that I used weekly last semester was open source and I had no idea! Another program that I used last semester that was open source was React Native, for a group project in my other C.S. class. All the different libraries we had to grab to make our app successfully run was a lot, but I can understand that many people came together for the creation of more than half of the ones we were using. Also while encountering a problem, I ran into the github issues page of a specific react native for web bundle, which didn't seem like a welcoming community. The main developer of the bundle was not very active, and only said to write issues on another website/app in which you had to pay to join. (Please take this with a grain of salt, as I can't remember correctly what the post said, and I forgot the exact name of the bundle.) I also use Atom, an open source text editor that I mentioned above. I mainly used it for my web development class, but I still prefer it as my text editor for writing code. It seems like a lot of the open source projects that I know about are only ones for coding or software programs. Hopefully in this class I can learn about projects not just in the tech industry. 