---
layout: post
title: Week 13 - Getting to the End...
---


## The (Second-to) Last Stretch

This past week was the second-to-last week to work on our project, which means either one of two things: To start not doing as much work and focusing on the presentation aspect of it, or to start cracking down on doing more contributions and work on the presentation later. Truthfully, I'll probably be doing the second thing this week with the rest of my teammates.

<!--more-->

With the end of the semester gradually approaching along with all the other graduation ceremonies happening as well, there isn't much time left for us to accomplish as much as we would have wanted to when we first started. We had our meeting last Sunday, where we discussed what we wanted to accomplish short-term for the next couple of days. With that, I created an [issue](https://github.com/learningequality/kolibri/issues/10492) on the Kolibri issue tracker talking of my experience about installing on Windows and my workarounds. I wanted to originally create it to see if anyone else besides me and Zack have tried to contribute to Kolibri on Windows and get their advice in doing so. Unfortunately, that hasn't been the case, so I have instead been on the lookout on their issues page trying to find one other small bug that I can work with for this last week of project work. I am a little worried in presenting what we have done, as one is in doing any presentation, but I believe we can pull through this week and do something big that we can show off in our presentations.

After that, we had our other class in talking about how open source can be used in some companies, specifically the business/industry part of the world. It was definitely interesting to listen to at first, since I couldn't even think of a way that open source can fit into somewhere as competitive as that. However, with the slides and Joanna discussing the various ways previous companies have managed to use open source to their advantage, it opened up the way I view certain industries now. The whole class I was mostly paying attention to what was being said, and not so much in how I've seen the methods being described out in the world before. One that I do remember viewing was paying contributors for their efforts and time in their work for certain projects. When I was doing research in project evaluations, I stumbled upon [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org/), a Twitter-like application that was open source. On their GitHub about me, they say you can request to be paid for your contributions. When I first read this, I immediately was more intrigued (as one would be), but later found out I wasn't interested in the project to work on it for half a semester. It was very cool to see something that I did research for this class come back again in another discussion. 