---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - A Talk and a Work
---


## A Celebration!

Even more good news than last time: My PR for my issue last week was approved and merged! It was a nice occasion to get the emails saying that my PR had no errors and it was successfully merged to their develop branch. Other than this, I also attended the talk on Wednesday with Christopher Snider about Tidepool and learned a lot on the healthcare industry and how open source technology can affect it.

<!--more-->

Back to our project group work on Monday, we made progress in the other issue assigned to Estela and Zack, and also set up messages to the main developers who have been active in the Slack channel and their GitHub to discuss our plans of helping them understand the Windows version of setting up their installation. We created a Slack DM chat with a few of them to say we're open to helping them and would like a few pointers on how exactly to go through with this. We received a reply a few days later explaining that none of their development team works on Windows sadly, but are very open in us creating a pull request from our experience and steps in what we have set up so far. 

Other than that, I feel pretty confident in our project so far. We haven't gotten to do much coding contributions, but we can definitely find some more small issues to tackle as time goes on while we're doing this documentation addition. Especially since we're (tentatively) going to present on the last day of classes, we can find and push out some good issues on their issue tracker. 

Then on Wednesday, Christopher talked all about Tidepool and his story in working in an open source project. His story of being diagnosed with diabetes and how that affected his life was definitely much more personal than the other talks, but also really touched on the point that we discussed with "The Cathedral and the Bazaar," which is to find a project that you're really passionate about to really make sure you have the motivation and give yourself the time to work on it. I was also really interested in how open source interacts and works inside the healthcare industry, as I was and still am interested in it. Someone mentioned it during the talk, but I was also originally on the Pre-Health track before changing majors and paths. So getting to hear how my current major can collaborate with my previous one is certainly interesting and I will research a bit more in that field for similar projects. 