---
layout: post
title: Week 6 - Choosing a Big Project
---


## Perusing through Options

All of the work this week has been focused on preparing and choosing potential projects for the rest of the semester. At first, trying to search for open source projects felt a bit challenging and didn't really get me to the results I initally wanted. 

<!--more-->

It took me just scratching the surface of researching FOSS to realize that finding a project that would be a good fit will take longer than just a quick Google search. Most of the sites that are lists of good open source projects contain ones that are either inactive, not that welcoming to beginners, or both. And on top of finding one that looks active and is welcoming to new contributors, the software/project itself might be something too complicated/unfamiliar to me, so I know that I wouldn't have as much motivation in working on it. However! I felt more confident when I completed the personal "Taking Stock" exercise, since it allowed me to step back from researching and understand what criteria I was evaluating projects on in my head. I understood what I wanted to work on and what I was capable of achieving in the time remaining.

After finding two projects that I felt pretty confident in working in, I looked in the repository to find some projects that others had found as well. And when it was time to pick which projects I would feel comfortable working on, I realized something a bit funny - Internet Archive, the project that Mek worked on and who came to give a talk about, wasn't listed as a potential project! I was still interested in learning more about the project and getting involved, so I made a really quick last-minute addition to the repo as an option.
 
I feel pretty nervous for starting the project, since it will last the rest of the semester, and I won't know what project I'll be working on until I meet with my group. However, I'm still a bit excited to learn some new things with the group and attempt some real contributions. It may start off a bit rocky with trying to just dive into the project and learn the ins and outs of the community there, but I really do think that after a while, it'll feel second nature and I'll come to really enjoy the time when I work on the project. I'm also excited since a lot of the projects listed were about websites and features for websites, as I want to learn more about web development and how similar (and different) it is from the web dev classes I took. All in all, I feel prepared and a combination of anxious/excited to start this project.