---
layout: post
title: Week 14 - A Quick Look Back
---


## Now it's The Last Stretch!

This past week was definitely one of the most important, but it didn't feel much like we were scrambling to get everything done and finished in our group project. Which, looking back now, is what it should always feel like, as that means most of the heavy lifting was done throughout the time we got to work on the project, and not on the last week to create and submit changes. Other than that, we also discussed the various fields and categories that open source can live in, especially in places that I would have never guessed open source could successfully operate.

<!--more-->

Onto the Kolibri project, this week was less about pushing more commits and issues and more on tying up loose ends that we still had to do. We discussed what we wanted to finish up by today so that we can spend this week preparing and rehearsing our presentation. As Joanna mentioned during our last in class meet, we need to find a good combination of us telling our experience that: a) Can be easily followed by everyone else so we don't lose anyone, and b) told in a way that makes people want to know more about our project. By next week I can discuss more on this when I meet with my group to decide who will be saying what and when. 

Thankfully, we have an extra couple of days as we're one of the last groups presenting on the last day. It can also be a little extra nervous, since we're going to be closing off the presentations and the semester. I'm usually better presenting for any of my projects near the beginning so I don't have to worry about it, but I think it's for the best that we got the extra time to finish up our last changes. 

Our other lecture was looking at what everyone found from our ["Open Source And..."](https://github.com/ossd-s23/wiki/wiki/Open-Source-and-...) assignment. I talked about the media systems, but during class I was finding more on open source movies since I was more interested in finding that once I realized I didn't do the assignment correctly. I found on the [wiki page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_film) for it, which I was intrigued with a lot. Reading that one of the requirements for a movie to be open source is that someone should completely be able to replicate the movie completely seems to completely go against what traditional movies are. I don't know if I'd look more into this, but this definitely was a cool fact and topic to look into.