---
layout: post
title: Week 7 - Reflecting Time
---


## A Quick Look Back on the Week

This week we learned our groups and started deciding on projects to consider to all work on. We've finished doing the elementary group work such as deciding on a weekly meeting time, what works best for all of us, etc. The main part of our two meetings this week was on choosing what project spoke to all of us in terms of interest and accessibility.

<!--more-->

We were pretty spread out in terms of what each of us chose as potential projects/categories to work on (since none of our form responses went through). We ultimately landed that we were all fine with working on something in Python, as we're all familiar/proficient in the language, and we could all work on different parts of the project such as frontend vs. backend. For specific project, we were all okay with looking at potential social good projects in general, but were met with very limited options if they weren't already evaluated in our shared repository.

We found this one educational tool called [Kolibri](https://learningequality.org/kolibri/) that seemed like a fun project to learn more about and even contribute to. We emailed our first introduction but weren't met with a response when we first met our other group members last Monday. But, in our most recent meeting on Thursday, we sent another email to another address and received a reply after about an hour! We are now trying to find a specific developers-only chat or meetings that we can enter to learn more about the community. 

I'm a little bit excited, but looking at the environment setup and some of the issues on their issues tracker, the project feels a little more on the intermediate side rather than beginner friendly. Hopefully as we learn more and become more familiar with the developer environment I'll feel more at ease with commenting and answering some open issues.