---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - (Baby) Open Source Project!
---


## Contributing to Open Source Projects

Quite a momentous week for me! After writing and uploading my second blog post last week, I decided to fix an error on OpenStreet Map near where I live, and contributed to my first open source project! It wasn't a code contribution but was still fun to do and experience. I got very nervous when someone commented on my change asking about something, but I just explained what had happened and all was well. 

<!--more-->

I also worked on the Git exercise we had done in class. It was definitely a great refresher besides doing these blog posts on the basic git commands. I also learned on how to get a connection to the original repo we forked, which makes it much easier to pull any changes. My (very long-winded) way of pulling those changes was to save any changed files in a separate folder, pull the changes in my remote repo (through the GitHub website), then pull from my remote repo to my local repo, and finally bring back the changed files that I had moved before. So yes, I would definitely say I learned something new and helpful in that class.

I also started and finished up work on my group's [browser extension project](https://github.com/ossd-s23/Me-like-words). We met up after class on Wednesday to grind out hopefully all of the coding parts of the project. We unfortunately had to debug after our meeting, since we were running into some errors near the end. But on the day after our meeting, we figured out what had happened and pushed the bigfixes on our repo. I felt that a lot of my main work was looking over my team member's code and pull requests to make sure it wouldn't interfere with any of the files in our current repo. The project was definitely fun and short, and I felt much more involved in understanding what my team wanted to accomplish than other projects I've been a part of. All that is left to do is work on the presentation part of our project, and add in some additional comments/notes in our code. 

And that's all! I am excited to start getting into more intermediate contributions. I need to research a bit on what potential projects I can contribute and be a part of, but I have some thoughts on what I want to look into. Hopefully by next week, I will 100% have my project.