---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - The Internet Archive
---


## A Guest Speaker!

This week we only had one class, and that class held the first speaker for the semester, Mek! He works in the [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/), a California State Library that is exclusively online and accessible nationally. I've heard of the website before, as I used one of its online features, the [Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/) to make sure a website I visited when I was a kid actually existed.

<!--more-->

The presentation was very informative in understanding how the internet archive operates, as it still needs to function like a library normally would. This involves people borrowing or checking out certain online texts, and if there's only one copy, only one person can "check out" that text. 
Besides the basics of how it works, Mek also brought up some important people in the Internet Archive world, namely Aaron Swartz. I vaguely remember the name when news broke out about his death, but I didn't do much looking into it. With this presentation and the linked video we watched, I feel much more ready to get involved in open source projects and actually learn more about what I can do in them. As the presentation continued and more questions were being asked, I felt excited to specifically start looking around in the Internet Archives forums for some beginner issues to solve. I wouldn't mind working on the Internet Archive for our group projects later on in the semester.

## A Rocky Road

So far, I've gotten around to 1 (but soon to be 2!) contributions. I need to start setting aside more time to look around our class' repos and other open source proejcts to find easy and beginner-styled problems to solve. I usually go through Wikipedia's random article feature trying to find some typo or misinformation that I can edit really quickly, but that doesn't help me out in finding contributions to do either. I feel that the best way to start is to specifically sit down and set time to just research on places and projects that I can contribute to. That way, I can't really escape doing the assignments and start actually getting my hands dirty in contributing. 
