---
layout: post
title: Week 9 - Speaker Guests and Project in Motion!
---


## A Week Off, A Week On

Last week was spring break, so there's no post for that. However we started off this week by speaking to Jim Hall, the founder of FreeDOS. Truthfully, I didn't get a good grasp on what FreeDOS did or its use cases at first when researching about Jim and his work to create a question to ask him.

<!--more-->

I ended up thinking of a decent question at the time based on what I knew of FreeDOS. When I was on the call, I definitely learned a lot more than I expected would come from FreeDOS. My question wasn't answered, but another similar question that asked who is the main audience using FreeDOS currently let me infer about mine. I also believe me writing a question down before the call helped me focus and experience the session in a more fruitful manner. 

After this call, me and my group met for our weekly meeting. We had a lot to discuss, since we had spring break and only had one very brief discussion over text during our break. We spent our meeting catching up and finding/attempting to begin the installation process. We felt a bit stumped as only one of us have ever downloaded a virtual environment, and since this was a completely different company, the process and software was different. We left it and decided to research on our own before trying to install it again. 

With some new knowledge, we continued on Wednesday in my group to continue forward in our downloads. We made a lot more progress during class time, and almost came close to finishing setting up the server! Running into issues while doing this and speaking to Joanna also made us realize that the documentation for setting up the virtual environment isn't as specific as it should be. We decided that our first contributions can possibly be about cleaning up the documentation. Not only from our own issues, but we've looked up multiple different questions regarding Kolibri's installation process and have seen different users being met with little to no help in their problems. 

This week definitely has been more of a setup week for the rest of the semester, as we're getting ready to really dive into the community and start contributing our own changes. Not only that, but I also enjoy having the more lecture-sided presentations on different aspects of the open source world. 