---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - A Team Effort
---


## Reflecting on the Past

This past week I presented [my browser extension](https://github.com/ossd-s23/Me-like-words) to the class and got to see many other cool projects. I mentioned before, but my previous CS class had me working in a group project doing weekly demo updates for the better half of the semester, so most of what I did in terms of team collaboration was not that different from past projects. 

<!--more-->

Something that was different however was working on the project all in one room while we talk through what we're all doing and any issues we're facing. I greatly prefered this over having online Zoom meetings every week to talk about what we're going to do. It feels like you have much more responsibility in your work. 

I didn't have much of a big contribution near the end of the project, since most of our work was finished before then. I just double checked over the small final features my teammates were adding and merging them to the main branch. I think our presentation went well, there weren't any major issues with connecting to the screen, and we made sure to keep it short and sweet with our demo finishing up the presentation. 

Speaking of the presentations, I really enjoyed some of the ones that were created. My favorite was the [YouTube customizer](https://github.com/ossd-s23/YouTube-Customizer), just because the popup bar looked very sophisticated and complete. I really enjoyed seeing the many different options that the group gave just from the basic YouTube page. I also found the [Brightspace viewer](https://github.com/ossd-s23/Brightspace_Pdf_Viewer) very helpful, while their use case of not having to download the PDF's was proven false, I still think it can be helpful when studying for a class that uploads their powerpoints all to Brightspace, so you can have more than one open while rereading them. Maybe I'll test them for a bit to find a bug or new feature that can be added to these projects. 